### Kickstarter_Analysis
## Bootcamp (2022) 
# Overview of Project: 
The purpose of my analysis was to help Louise understand the different outcomes of all ‘plays’ and ‘theater’ campaigns concerning their launch dates and funding goals. The first analysis I created, *Theater Outcomes by Launch Dates*, portrays the different outcomes separated by successful, failed, and canceled theater campaigns all sectioned off independently by each month of the year. This is an important factor in my work because it separates the data into three categories, from there I was able to view how successful a theater campaign was based on the amount of money provided and expected to earn. The second analysis I created, *Outcomes Based on Goals*, categorizes all of the different plays based on their individual goal funding increments. Each play is sectioned off into categories based on if they were successful, failed, or canceled, which I then linked each play back to its expected goal. The analysis I constructed is beneficial for multiple reasons and can help Louise predict future outcomes. By reviewing my summaries, she can prepare for different amounts of funding based on these past campaigns and also use smarter techniques in the upcoming months which will help maximize her profits and avoid loss. 
# Analysis and Challenges: 
The first analysis I made didn’t take me very much time. The pivot table I used was easy to organize based on what we learned in module 1, it was already assembled. I then used a line graph to further explain my data with imagery, and as we can see based on my findings, the month of May had a lot more successful theater campaigns comparably. It would be beneficial for Louise to consider these factors and in the plan on hosting more campaigns in that month or at least try to determine why that month differs from the others significantly. The second analysis, however, wasn’t as easy for me to complete. The first problem I encountered came with working using the ‘COUNTIFS()’ function because I hadn’t practiced with it much previously. After completing my analysis my graph was completely inaccurate and I could tell just by looking at the data that something had gone wrong. I realized that I was using the ‘pledged’ column in my Kickstarter data sheet rather than the ‘goal’ column which completely skewed my final percentages. After I fixed my error I then went on and edited every formula in each cell to ensure my work was 100% accurate moving forward. I then went on to construct my line graph, editing the colors and format to provide an easy-to-read graph. As you can see by my line graph, fewer plays were successful as the amount of money expected ‘goal’ increased. 
# Results:
After reviewing my analysis, *Theater Outcomes by Launch Date*, I found that May and June were extraordinarily profitable compared to other months. I’m not sure why, but it would be interesting to run further tests to determine why those months had so many successful campaigns. Though, it should also be noted that the same months had the most failed theater campaigns as well, so it would be interesting to see those months' profits compared to other months. Another result I found interesting which happens to correspond with my previous finding is that successful and failed campaigns seem to have a corresponding pattern. The more theater campaigns put on, the more the successful and failed ones as well, they go hand in hand. 
My second analysis, *Outcomes based on Goals*, showed that the higher the amount of the goal, the more failed play campaigns. This finding does make sense because the plays aren’t profitable enough to reach specific goals such as $50,000 or greater. It would be interesting to see whether those plays were in May or June since we can see from our other analysis that for theater campaigns those months were the most profitable. One limitation of my second analysis would be the date, though we can see how profitable plays were depending on the goal set, we cannot determine what month they took place off of that specific dataset. We could construct a new pivot table and try to determine whether these goals could be met if the campaigns were set for a specific month such as May. Doing so would be beneficial to determine not only which months are more profitable but also if play campaigns could reach certain goals when set for certain months. 
